"Acme::Pythonic::Functions" is Copyright (C) 2009-2012, Hauke Lubenow.

NAME

Acme::Pythonic::Functions - Python-like functions for Perl

This Perl-module offers some basic string-, list- and other functions, that try to mimic those of the programming-language "Python".

INSTALLATION

To install this module, run the following commands:

	perl Makefile.PL
	make

and as "root":

	make install

USAGE

Python-like functions, that can be found here, are:

    Strings:

        endswith()
        isdigit()
        isin()
        len()
        lstrip()
        replace()
        rstrip()
        startswith()
        strip()

    Lists:

        append()
        extend()
        insert()
        isin()
        len()
        remove()

    Hashes:

        has_key()
        isin()
        len()

    Files:

        isdir()
        isfile()

    System:
        osname()

    print-Replacement:
        pront()

Please see the scripts in the "examples"-directory in the tar-ball about how to use them.

There are a few additional (hopefully useful) functions that don't have a model in Python.

SUPPORT AND DOCUMENTATION

After installing, you can find documentation for this module with the
perldoc command.

    perldoc Acme::Pythonic::Functions

LICENSE INFORMATION

Copyright (C) 2009, 2012 Hauke Lubenow

This module is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the same terms as Perl 5.14.2.
For more details, see the full text of the licenses at <http://www.perlfoundation.org/artistic_license_2_0> and <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html>.
The full text of the licenses can also be found in the documents 'perldoc perlgpl' and 'perldoc perlartistic' of the official Perl 5.14.2-distribution. In case of any contradictions, these 'perldoc'-texts decide.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but without any warranty; without even the implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. For more details, see the full texts of the licenses mentioned above.
